4:15 AM
January 1st, 2000
Providence of Nord Louisiane, La République Laurentides

AHHHHG. I've been driving for hours. My right foot's asleep, and the left one isn't too far behind.
Look at that gumbo. It has to be cold by now. I can't believe they wanted me to bring the food.
Y'know.... If I don't see that castle in fifteen minutes, I might just head back.
At least the drive was nice, I guess.
Okay, I give up. There's no way that I'm gonna-
.....Oh.
I.. can't decide if I'm relieved or disappointed.
BG: fadeout
*knock* *knock* *knock*
I wonder if they can even hear me in there... This place looks huge.
.....coming! Hey, Maple!! C'mon in, allez!

MAPLE : 	Alright, so where do I plug this crock-pot in at? Are there any plugs?
MAPLE : 	I take it that I'm late enough y'all probably already ate something else.
ENOKI : 	Well, we've got an outhouse, but that's the only place with electricity. And yeah, we got some chicken.
ENOKI : 	We missed you earlier :(
MAPLE : 	Well I'm finally here, now. So, where is- Oh! Salut, Aaron.
AARON : 	Bonsour! Or Bonjour more like, I guess, it's technically morning, isn't it? I'm just glad you got here. Happy new millenium!
MAPLE : 	Happy new millenium! Y'all reallyare in the middle of nowhere, youknow that?
DEL  : 	 Maple! You're here! Happy 2000!
MAPLE : 	Delphine Thibodeaux! My goodness it's been... what, a year? Salut!
DEL : 	 Hey, girl! Glad you're here - Don't worry, we've been waiting to break out the wine and eclairs until you showed up.
DEL : 	 We're all boring adults, though, so no promises about how late we would have stayed up for you.
ENOKI : 	So Maple, what have you been up to lately? Have we even talked since the wedding?? I missed my best friend :(
MAPLE : 	Surely your husband's been keeping you busy, I suppose.
AARON : 	Well, we're obviously living in acastle now, so that's been an adventure.
ENOKI : 	I am a princess.
MAPLE : 	It takes a little more than just a castle to be a princess.
ENOKI : 	I'm a duchess?
MAPLE : 	I- uhm... Hmm... You know what? It's too late for this.
MAPLE : 	Anyway, I've been alright, I've only got one semester left, then I'll be a school teacher. Then? I don't know.
AARON : 	Still trying this teacher thing, huh? Even though you've told me a million times you'd rather be anything but a teacher?
AARON : 	Are there no degrees for people who can shoot fire out of their hands?
MAPLE : 	...None I want, at least.
AARON : 	Well, a teacher with fire magic sounds pretty cool to me.
ENOKI : 	*yawn* Goodness, I'm sleepy. Hey, how about we all go to bed and catch up in the morning?
ENOKI : 	Hey Maple, you wanna have like a sleepover? Like we can pretend we're college roommates again?
MAPLE : 	I mean... Sure, I guess.
ENOKI : 	Goodnight, Del! Hey, Aaron, see ya tomorrow? Bright 'n early?
AARON : 	Sure thing, Noke-noke. *kiss*
MAPLE : 	I am never going to get used to that.
ENOKI : 	Alright, grab your bag and I'll show you where we're staying. Allons-y!